hey everyone well since I just got back
for my cruise vacation I thought I would
do kind of a little review and show you
the new jewelry bag that I purchased
specifically for this vacation because I
was taking you know a few larger pieces
and just wanted to let you know how it
worked out and you know if I like it or
not and then you know you take a peek in
what I actually brought with me before
this bag I actually used to use um a
little bit smaller bag it just kind of
opened up but it had a really large
pouch at the end for some bigger pieces
like bigger bracelets or necklaces well
this time since I bought some new things
recently that I wanted to take with me
and they wouldn't quite fit in that one
so I was searching around and I don't
know about you all but it seems to me
like so many of the travel jewelry
pouches and you know everywhere I looked
on Amazon you name it had a lot of
little you know individual little
squares and that really doesn't work out
for everything it's really great for
like rings or earrings but doesn't work
for like their chunkier pieces of
jewelry so and while I was looking on
the Vera Bradley website and also in a
local store I really like her things for
travel items because I will often use
the bags for different things whether
you know they're for makeup bags or
whatever but I really like her things
for travel because they're lightweight
and but they're just also really nice
bags so this is what I have and I wasn't
too fond of this print but I bought it
for one reason and that was because the
inside was a light color and I could see
what was in there easily so many of
these bags it'll be one print on the
outside and another print on the inside
and when I looked at several of them and
they just really weren't what I wanted I
picked this up at our local Hallmark
store you can often find Vera Bradley
hallmarks and another great tip too is
and at the end of the season when
they're coming out with new designs
they'll often have like a 40% off
section so you can get like past season
things like that that's how I've gotten
some other Vera Bradley things because
they can be kind of pricey and I'll try
to put the link to this specific thing
below may not be this pattern but it
will be you know so you have the name
it just opens up like this it has a snap
closed and this is where I was talking
about about the inside being light I'm
still was easy to see things so I'm
going to let you see what's in it and
with a better view here in a minute but
I just want to show you how open so it
has a snap close you can see it's pretty
thin this did go in my carry-on with me
I always take my jewelry in my carry-on
not that it's necessarily expensive some
pieces I've had a long time and they're
my favorite so I don't want anything to
happen to them so you can see it's
fairly thin it is a little heavy with
some of the pieces I have in it but it
travelled really well so it just opens
like this with a snap and then it
actually has a few like different
compartments in it here so let's go
ahead and take a look at them okay so
here's the pouch again it just has a
snap closed it opens up and then you can
see it opens at fairly large here so let
me move this so this is the first
section and I'm glad I actually saw this
bag in person because I don't think when
you see it online it does it justice
because online and I wasn't really aware
that it had this extra middle piece here
so let's just start here you have two
larger compartments here they're sewn in
the middle and it just sits so I have my
Pandora bracelet there I wore this and
down on the flight there and then I have
some beaded bracelets so I always bring
these usually they always go with at
least one outfit that I'm wearing and
then again on the way down and I wore
these two bracelets and I'm not sure if
I wore them again but these are just
kind of my standard so all three of
those I wore at the same time and then
in this part here I have some bangles
again it zips it's the same thing just a
stone in the middle to separate them I
did wear these a couple nice they're
just silver bangles and then in this
section see these sections are great for
like large bracelets or something like
that so I had and this gold bracelet I
didn't end up wearing this but it fit
and that section really good and then
also just a plain gold link chain okay
so when I flip this up this is the
smaller compartments and I had all my
earrings or smaller necklaces in here so
this part
this and you can see it's just this big
here and it's separated into three
sections so I have these earrings here
they came from Francesca's collection
gold hoops and then these black kind of
stone earrings here this section is the
same thing just three sections it's a
little bit larger so I actually would
store my studs in here when I weren't
wearing them and then I also have some
pearl stud earrings here and then this
one I just have my initial pendant here
and in this one I have that new chain
that I just recently got from forever 21
it goes in there nice and then you can
see most jewelry cases have something
like this that snaps open you can put
rings so I just have some cocktail rings
here and then this is the large section
here that I was really looking for to
put larger pieces in so you can see I
have quite a bit in here but you still
have a lot of room definitely you know
you could put way more in there so I
have my new forever 21 necklace I didn't
end up wearing this but I thought I was
going to wear it with a certain outfit
so that fit in there great this was kind
of the main reason I needed something
new this is that new pearl necklace from
forever 21 I wore this with a black
dress on one of the formal night so it's
very heavy
and it actually takes up quite a bit of
space so this came in handy having this
really large section here and then just
another necklace again I wore this on
another formal night
then I have this pretty large it kind of
it's really stiff but it folds up nice
flat like that so I have that bracelet
in there again I usually wear this on
formal night I didn't end up wearing it
this trip but that's the jewelry I took
with me on my cruise vacation I usually
take a little bit more because we're
dressing up in the evening and you have
to formal nights so I usually like to
have you know my fancier jewelry with me
but that just gives you a sneak peak
kind of what I take on vacation of
course if you know depending on the type
of vacation it wouldn't be this
extensive but this really worked out
well for what I needed to take
and the length of vacation so I
definitely recommend this it was a
little pricey but it worked out so well
that I'm really really glad that I
purchased it so highly recommend this
and again a lot of Vera Bradley and
cases and different things like that
definitely the curling iron and flat
iron pouch I really love those so I
would check some of these out if I were
you so thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you next time bye